Vsphere external CCM 1.22 incompatibility (#794)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/tutorials_howtos/CCM_migration/_index.en.md

controller managers and the Kubernetes documentation explain how to migrate from in-tree to out-of-tree CCM, KKP itself
needed a mechanism to allow users to migrate their clusters to the out-of-tree implementation, as detailed below.

The CCM/CSI migration is supported only for the following providers so far:
* Openstack
* vSphere

> > NOTE: latest vSphere CSI driver release (v2.3.0) does not support Kubernetes 1.22, hence it is not possible to:

Reviewer: It's also not possible to create new 1.22 clusters on vSphere.

Author: Yes, but it is not related to ccm migration. That's why I didn't mention it here

Reviewer: Yes, but someone might think if I can't migrate it, I'll just create a new cluster, which is not possible. That's why I thought about mentioning it.

Author: ok, added

> * Upgrade already migrated vSphere clusters to Kubernetes 1.22.

> > * Migrate existing vSphere 1.22 clusters.

Reviewer: Why don't use a note block instead of quotes?

controller managers and the Kubernetes documentation explain how to migrate from in-tree to out-of-tree CCM, KKP itself
needed a mechanism to allow users to migrate their clusters to the out-of-tree implementation, as detailed below.

The CCM/CSI migration is supported only for the following providers so far:
* Openstack
* vSphere

> ---
> **NOTE**
> 
> latest vSphere CSI driver release (v2.3.0) does not support Kubernetes 1.22, hence it is not possible to:
> * Upgrade already migrated vSphere clusters to Kubernetes 1.22.
> * Migrate existing vSphere 1.22 clusters.
> * Create new vSphere clusters with Kubernetes 1.22 (new clusters are by default controller by the external CCM).
> ---

Reviewer: When I said the note block, I meant something like this:

```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
The latest vSphere CSI driver release (v2.3.0) does not support Kubernetes 1.22, hence it is not possible to:
* Upgrade already migrated vSphere clusters to Kubernetes 1.22.
* Migrate existing vSphere 1.22 clusters.
* Create new vSphere clusters with Kubernetes 1.22 (new clusters are by default controllered by the external CCM).
{{% /notice %}}
```

Please make sure that this renders properly, otherwise, you might have to reformat it a little bit. Also, there's a typo which is fixed in the suggestion.

Author: I have had to reformat a bit by collapsing the dotted list to a single sentence because it was not rendered properly.
